hey earth resources were ravaged
consumed exhausted desperate and on the
verge of extinction we cast out into the
void of space and discovered rich new
worlds waiting to be cracked open and
stripped bare all of earth became
devoted to this effort the planet
crackers were built the usg is she more
of the first and most famous planet
cracking became routine it spoils kept
us alive eventually greedy eyes fell
upon Aegis 7 restricted for centuries
for reasons unknown greed and corruption
sort of the demise of caution
they're buried beneath the surface an
artifact the red marker long last and
long forgotten the religion i once
called my own had found its holy grave
the key to human mortality also in
thought it did not bring salvation he
brought doom marker bread insanity
murder and chaos it bred necromorphs
those who escaped the planet fled to the
safety of the orbiting ishimura the
scourge released upon you just seven
came with
within hours the issue morrowind dark
the corporation dispatched a small
repair crew to check on its investment
seems like everyone was trying to pack
in a hurry among the crew was an
engineered Isaac Clark he had something
special about the ocean Mona I wish I
could talk to you in the darkness Isaac
found death red marker it was not wholly
it was not alien it was man-made and it
could be used to stop the outbreak Isaac
also found me Cole
dead by your own hand she was an
apparition of the marker Isaac engineer
in his escape
but everything else was destroyed
three years later he wakes in a hospital
on Titan station an earth government
ropp Allah Sun Saturn's largest moon
Isaac has survived but his mind is no
longer safe
for the marker changes all